This programme contains
strong language and adult humour
Don't look away.
Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Don't put that on telly!
Oo-ar!
I might just do this all day.
Argh!
This is weird.
So tight.
THEY EXCLAIM
Hello. Welcome to Taskmaster.
My name is Greg Davies and I sweat.
I sweat when I eat,
I sweat when I sunbathe,
I sweat when I...
You know when I sweat!
But most important of all,
I sweat the small stuff,
the decisions that will make
or break the spirits of a comedian.
So, put some more water on the sauna
coals and bring me some lemons,
because things are about to get hot!
Please welcome Amy Gledhill...
..Armando Iannucci...
..Joanna Page,
Joel Dommett,
and Kumail Nanjiani.
And next to me, a man who told me
recently in confidence
that whenever he walks the dog
in his local neighbourhood,
he never cleans up her poo,
and I quote him -
"What do I care
if people get ploppy shoes?
"They should watch
where they're walking."
It's...
..little Alex Horne!
Right. Thank you. Thank you.
Getting ploppy shoes.
Hello, everyone.
Here we are.
I've brought you water, Greg...
OK...for a little
team-bonding activity.
Up for that? Yeah.
Just drink it how I drink it.
Ready? Yep.
Here we go. Hit it!
MUSIC STARTS
MUSIC STOPS
Is that the end of this bit?
That's the end of that bit.
Every cell in my body wants
to chuck this in your face.
Oh, I sort of want you to, as well.
Ooh-hoo-hoo!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Right.
Oh, God.
Wow.
That is an unexpected erection.
So, on with the show.
Is it time for the prize category?
Yes, and the category is
the best two things that become
something even better when combined.
Five points for the best combo.
Five great combos
for the episode winner.
OK, Joel,
what two things have you brought in?
I've brought in a USB stick with my
favourite Christmas song ever on it,
and it's by Sting...
Whoa.Mm.
..and Shaggy.
They made an album together and on
that album is Silent Night, right?
I thought I could sing it for you.
Yes! Yes. Yes.
Joanna... Yes. ..if I could get you
to do Sting's parts.
Ah, typecast again.
There's some bells for you. Brill.
And then I'll just come in
with Shaggy's part
when it's necessary.
OK, go.
# Silent night
Yeah
# Holy night
Mm
# All is calm
Oh
# All is bright
# Chi-da-bye-bye, Shaggy! #
Thank you so much.
I appreciate it.
That was wonderful.
Incredible, Joel.
I think this is strong.Ooh!
Kumail.Hi.
Can you beat Shaggy and Sting?
I'm a man of the world, Greg.
You are.
Pakistani, born and raised,
I live in America,
I'm shooting a show
in London right now...
Wow...so I bridge cultures.
That's sort of my cross to bear.
So, I've come up with a new dish
that combines two very disparate
foods into one amazing dish.
It's a kebab with strawberry jam.
GREG GROWLS
I invented a new dish...
Hello, Shaggy. ..and I would
like for you to try it.
Wow.It doesn't look great.
It doesn't smell great,
if you don't mind me saying.
Well, I should tell you, the name
of the dish is Racial Harmony...
..so if you don't like it,
I'd like you to tell me you're not
a fan of Racial Harmony.
I didn't think I'd ever say this,
but Racial Harmony makes me
feel sick!
Do you want to have
a little nibble of this?Yes.
Down in one. Down in one.
All of it.Oh, God.
Oh, baby girl.Mm.
Hush in the room!What do you think?
Yeah, I would never have that again.
Never, ever.
We've had it confirmed,
it's disgusting,
so it's not looking good.
Pop it in your drawer.
Yeah, I'll put it in my drawer.
Hello, Amy.Hello.
How are you going to beat that?
I'll tell you how
I'm going to beat it,
with a glork, or a forve.
Or a forve.Yeah.
So, have you ever been eating
and you think,
"I can't get this
in my mouth quick enough?"
Well, that is where
the glork comes in.
It's a glove and a fork. OK.
Who's using a knife
and fork these days?
Yeah.That's a thing of the past.
It's glork time.
Do you want to see the glork?
Oh, my God.
Yes, let's see the glork.
It's glork o'clock!It is.
It's a lovely, chic glove,
and then, chip, chip, chip.
You can fit, like, three chips on -
chip, chip, chip.
One finger, ah. Chip, chip, chip.
I like the starting point.
I'm not sure the reality is
any better than Racial Harmony.
Armando, can you beat this?
Obviously.Yes.
It's a song featuring
Lou Reed and the Wombles.
It's not.
I just was about to write,
"Armando, five points."
It's very beautiful.
It's two completely
contrasting things,
which, when put together,
creates this natural phenomenon.
It's sunshine and shit.
Have a look at this guy here.
It's beautiful.
It's a soap dispenser.
Yeah.So here comes the sun.
It's good.
They win the soap dispenser,
do they? The pigeon?
Yeah, and the sun, I think. Oh.
Joanna.
I have brought in my own tongue
and a box of popping candy,
because when I was young, right,
it was really hard to get hold of...
Here we go!
In the 1980s, right? In Swansea.
And now I've discovered,
"Oh, my God, you can
just buy it on the internet."
I went online and I've got a box
of about, like, 45 or something
or about 28. Mm.
I've got loads and it's really nice.
You know when you pour
that on your tongue,
and just that little
ts-ts-ts-ts-ts - that?
It feels amazing.
So that's why I love popping candy.
Yeah, she's brought in popping candy
is the short answer. Right.
And a fake tongue. There we go.
I mean, I've got to say,
it's great stuff, isn't it?
Thank you, Joanna.
So one point, the glork.
The glork. Well done, Amy.
One to Amy.
Two points to the kebab meat...
What?
..with jam on it.
Call it by its name.
OK. The second worst thing
I've seen today is Racial Harmony.
Some popping candy and a tongue
is better than Racial Harmony.
Three points.
You didn't invent
the plopping pigeon,
but it's a wonderful thing
and I wish I had it,
so I will give it four points.
And I mean, how can I not put
Sting and Shaggy,
a wonderful example of musical
and racial harmony...
..five points?
Five points for Joel Dommett.
Task time.
Ugh.
Well, this really is very exciting.
I'm back.
Alex. Kumail.
Hiya. Hello, Joanna. Ooh.
The drill.
Yeah, no, you won't be needing that.
I'm so sorry. Ooh.
Sorry, that shouldn't be there.
Oh, really? Sorry.
Can I have a go on it first?
Of course, yeah.
Oh, God. No,
I'm not going to, actually,
because it might say,
"If you touch the drill..."
I'm not having anything
hampering me.
All right, here we go.
"Make something boring exciting."
"Most exciting boring thing wins."
"You have 20 minutes.
"Your time starts now."
Watching somebody sleeping
is pretty boring,
but I think for some people
it can be very exciting.
Like, if they don't know,
that seems exciting.
Don't put that in the show.
What do you find boring, Amy?
Wood. Planks of wood.
Rocks. I like rocks.
I don't think they're boring.
You don't think rocks are boring?
No. Oh, Alex.
OK, this is my first thing, right?
Because this is something
that I do get worried about,
and I'm very nervous
about the whole thing, right?
Because I'm not a comedian,
I don't do stand-up,
and so I'm boring
and I'm going to say me.
Me. Right, so we need
to make you exciting.
I thought this was exciting -
my announcement.
See? What, you think
you're finished? Yeah.
Kumail, you find watching people
when they sleep exciting,
but it's only exciting
when they don't know.
Yeah, what's the point if they know?
OK, we're going to start with
Armando and Joann-do.
Come on, Alex,
let's go and show them
what exciting really is.
Come on.
Greg, I'm coming for you!
Ready? I'm ready. OK.
So most books are categorised
by a system
called the Dewey Decimal system,
which, though effective,
is a bit dull.
So this is an attempt to make
the act of book categorisation
much more exciting
by doing it in rhyme.
OK? I'm ready. Here we go.
"Tell you what's boring,
categorising books.
"Let's add some pizzazz
"so it's more exciting
than it looks."
I don't care about the rules...
Yeah. ..and you know why?
Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Because I'm exciting and I'm wild.
"Poems by Tennyson,
"so poems with titles
that rhyme with venison."
Argh!
JOANNA GASPS
"This one is green and mouldy,
"so it's on the shelf of
books that are oldie."
Agh!
"And finally, out with a bang,
"categorising
Joey And The Blackbird Gang.
"I hope you've enjoyed this
attempt to sell
"categorisation of books
that isn't Dewey Decimal."
Fuck you, motherfuckers!
JOANNA YELPS
SLOW-MO YELPS
He's got no face!
Armando...Yes.
..did seeing a mother of four
smashing a £1,500 sheep put your...
..new book categorisation
system into perspective?
Yeah.
It's terrible, isn't it?
Because after I did that, I thought,
"Oh, I've done really well."
Did you feel free, Joanna?
I felt incredibly free.
It was very exhilarating. Mm-hm.
I really enjoyed it,
but I do feel bad now
because he hasn't got a face.
But I didn't feel bad then.
It was good. The sheep's wrecked.
Part one is done. Goodbye.
Hello.
Welcome back to Taskmaster,
where things are
definitely not dull.
Never, because everyone
is trying their very best
to make something boring exciting.
Next up, they were both born
in the 1980s,
so they're a little bit younger than
the others,
but they're also not that young,
it's Amy and Joel.
Standard boring plank of wood,
yeah? OK.
Yeah? You ready?
I'm ready. No peeping.
DRILLING
Count down for me.
All right, here we go.
From 100.
100... More exciting.
..99,
98...
Are you ready to be excited?
I really am.
29, 28... I regret the 100.
27... OK.
It's not just a boring plank
any more, it's a sexy lady.
Woo!
And look at that.
She's got boobies, Alex.
Yeah, I can see that.
See them? Yeah.
Speed up a bit.
Five, four, three, two, one, zero.
Come on. Yeah.
It's on fire.
I wasn't convinced by the plank
of wood when I first saw it,
but as soon as
the boob reveal happened,
I was just transported back
to those pens, when you...
Yes! Yes! From when you were a kid,
which, genuinely,
first sexual experience for me.
So I thought the sexy plank lady
was brilliant.
Great. There you go. Joel...
..I've never seen a boy so happy.
Oh, my lord.
Since I saw the pens
when I was growing up...
..I've never made a face like that.
Well, it's time for the final
attempt on the big screen.
Kumail has played
a genetically-engineered,
cosmic-powered near-immortal
superhero in a global franchise.
He's also spent 20 minutes
doing this.
ALEX SNORES
BEAR GROWLS
DONKEY BRAYS
PIG SQUEALS
DUCK QUACKS
SHEEP BLEATS
KUMAIL SIGHS
KUMAIL GRUNTS
Good? Did we get it?
GULPING
That was really good.
Really good. It was very creative.
And it was very exhausting running
with all those things. Mm.
That pineapple is very heavy.
What are these muscles for?
Decorative.
Well, I'm going to give
poor Armando just one point.
But I did think it was sort of
adorable,
Armando, I will say that.Thank you.
Then there's a gulf between
Armando's and the next person.
I'm giving tit plank three points.
Moving up,
I'm going to give you four points,
because a lot of imagination
went into it.
But I'm giving Joel's spinning bear
heads five points...OK.
..and I'm also giving Joanna
liberating herself by
smashing a sheep five points.
Well done, Joanna.
Hey, baby boy.Mm? What's the
scores?
Well, she was winning the series,
but she's losing the episode -
Amy's in last place.
He was losing the series,
but he's winning the episode -
Joel's in first place
with ten points.
WHISTLING
Wow!
It's all changed.
S'il vous plait, une autre tache.
Ah, oui, monsieur.
Qu'est-ce qu'il y a a manger?
Oh-oh!
This is nice.
A banquet. You may sit down.
Thank you so much.
Ooh, it's lower than you expect!
That was much lower
than I was expecting!
Yeah, you don't look very big. No.
People have said that.
Ooh.
Oh, look, a cloche.
We're just adjusting the cameras
to get your height. Yeah.
Did this happen with anyone else?
No. Just me? Just you.
You set this up for me. Yeah.
Let me just go and get
the child's tripod. Ah.
Oh, leather
sounds weird against an old chair.
LEATHER CREAKS
Right, you can open the task
but not the...
LEATHER CREAKS
Not the cloche. Thank you.
Not the cloche?
I wouldn't dare.
I'm CLOCHEtrophobic.
Oh.
"Work out what food is
under the cloche."
"When you've done that,
and only when you have done that,
"you must remove the cloche
and eat the food."
"Alex will always incorrectly
answer your previous question..."
"And you must not
repeat questions."
"Fastest wins."
"Your time starts now."
I'm not good at these ones.I know.
Well, I'll tell you now, I didn't
mind CLOCHEtrophobic at all.
Oh! Not at all.
Let's get on with it.Yeah.
I can't wait to see them.
It sounds simpler than
they found it. Right.
Mr Nanjiani and Ms Gledhill
are our first competitors
to find out
what nosh is under the cloche.
Is this food dairy?
I'm not going to answer
that question.
Is it a dessert?
Is it a sandwich?
It is definitely never a dessert.
So it's a dessert.
Could you feed this food to a baby?
No. None of it has come from a cow.
Is it sweet?
It would kill a baby.
So it's milky
and a baby could eat it.
Can I get a pen?
No, nothing about it is sweet.
Is it a vegetable?
No.
So it is sweet.
Is it custard?
Yes.
Is it a cow? No.
Is it custard? Yep.
Is it jelly? No.
It's custard. I think it's custard.
Are you asking me a question?
Is it a food
that rhymes with Colonel Mustard?
Yes. Is it ten feet tall?
No, it's not,
but you can't open the cloche.
Yes, it's jelly,
and you can't open it yet.
But you said it was custard.
Is it made up of two parts?
Yes. Is it alive? No.
Yes. Custard and...
What would you have done?
Is it savoury? Yes.
Is it ham? No.
So it is savoury.
Could you dip your finger into it
and eat it that way?
Always. Is it salsa? No.
Oh, you COULD
dip your finger into it.
Is it green? Yes. Is it yellow? Yes.
Is it purple? No.
Ah!
Savoury and yellow.
Is it tomato ketchup? Yes.
Is it spicy? No.
Is it mustard? No. Ha!
Is it mustard? Yes. Good.
Hot sauce? No.
It's mustard.
Is it custard and mustard?
No, you can't open that.
Ah!
Custard and mustard?
Yes, it's hot sauce.
I'm going to open it.
Oh, my God,
it's custard and mustard!
You have to eat it
and then I'll stop the clock.
I'm going to eat it together
because fuck you.
That was so much worse
than I was ready for.
Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
That was a spicy boy.
Do you want me to stop the clock?
Yeah, stop the goddamn clock.
Woo! Yeah.
My God, it ended beautifully
with the two quotes,
"Ooh, it's a spicy boy," and,
"I'm going to eat them together
because fuck you."
Do want me to tell you
who was the slowest? Yes.
The slowest, just, was Kumail -
35 minutes, 56 seconds.
35 minutes I did that?
And 56 seconds.
And weirdly,
you've done it pretty well.
Ooh.
WHISTLING
Amy asked twice as
many questions as you,
but she asked a question
every 11 seconds.
33 minutes and 25 seconds. Wow.
Well, now for two
super switched-on guys,
they're Armando and Joel.
Is it... Is it meat?
Is it bird-based? It is, yes.
Is it an egg?No.
Wait, wait, what did you say no to?
Wait, what did you say...?
Wait, wait, wait.
What did I ask?
Have you ever thought
about simplifying the rules?
Yes, cabbage.
Right, is it chips?Yes.
What was my last one?
Yes, it's chips.
Was that a question?
Is it trifle? Yes.
Is it ice cream?
It's nothing to do with trifle.
It's trifle, then.
No similarities! Oh...
What? Put it back on.
You still don't know exactly
what it is.
Keep going.
Do you enjoy them with vinegar?
Yes, it's chips still.
It's chips?
Yes.
No, what are you doing? Oh, what?
I thought I was supposed
to say what it was and then open it.
You have seen it now. No, I haven't.
Will this stop if I...?
ARMANDO GRUMBLES
LEATHER CREAKS
Is it custard?
No, if you stab your eye with
a fork, we'll carry on.
KLAXON BEEPS
Oh.
JOEL PANTS
Oh, no!
Oh!
BELL DINGS
JOEL SIGHS
Oh, my God!
Is it custard in one bowl
and mustard in another bowl?
Yes.
It's custard and mustard.
Is this a floor?
No, it's definitely not.
Oh, so that's yes.
So it's mustard and custard.
You can now open the cloche
and eat it.
I've stopped the clock.
Oof! Oh!
I think I need to, like,
seriously go back to school
or something.
What I don't understand
was it got harder...
Mm. Yes...after I'd seen it. Yeah.
That's the bit...
You were both quicker than
the outside two.
Quicker than...
But they looked at the food!
Yeah. Well, exactly. Yeah.
Armando looked at it
after ten minutes
and got it right after 21.
Joel looked after six minutes
and got it right after
26-and-a-half minutes.
Oh, my God!
Neither of them got it right
in the end.
They both looked again
to get it right.
So they get nothing?
I imagine so. Yeah.
Time for a break.
Put that phone down,
no doomscrolling.
Stand up, stretch your legs,
go into the garden and shout,
"I am alive," into the night sky.
I mean it. Do it now.
Hello.
Yes, it's part three,
and there's an incredibly
irritating task in play.
All the contestants have to do
is work out what food is
under the cloche,
whereas I have to answer their
previous question incorrectly -
#HardForHorne. And...
..there's just one person left.
It's the final page. It's Joanna.
Right, there's...
Oh, I can lift it
and see how heavy it is.
Oh, it's very light.
I can smell it.
I can smell it. It's savoury.
Is it savoury?
Is it sweet? No.
Yes, it's savoury.
Ugh. I don't like it.
It's not that nice.
Is it runny? Yes.
Is it hot?
Ooh, now... Mm...
No.
Well, that means it's half
and half, then.
Is it...?
Is it... Is it yellow?
Yes.
Is it cheese? No.
What the hell is yellow and runny?
Is it custard? Yes.
Baked beans?
No, don't lift up the cloche.
It's custard.
It's custard,
but there's some other thing with it
which is savoury, but it smells.
It smells horrible.
It smells a bit like salad cream.
I'm just going to say some things.
You're right,
it's mustard and something.
JOANNA AND AUDIENCE GASP
You just said something.
I've been saying custard
and you just said mustard.
I'm making a guess.
It's custard and mustard.
You may open the cloche.
Oh, you managed to stack them.
God, it stinks!
Will you hold my nose for me,
please? I'd love to.
OK. Got it. Thank you.
Ready? OK. One, two, three, go.
Oh, my God, it's horrible! Mm-hm.
Oh, my God, I...
I've stopped the clock. Ble-ugh!
Well, I mean, let's say it as it is
- someone fucked up.
Mm. He sabotaged it.
I was doing so well and...
No, he gave you the answer.
He didn't sabotage it.
The shaking system was good. Mm-hm.
Yeah, the shaking was
a good strategy,
but you know
what was a better strategy?
Having you tell her the answer.
Yeah.
I mean,
we're going to have to allow it
because it's his mistake,
not Joanna's, so...
Mm. But how did she do?
She won.
She did really well.
Well done, Joanna.
Of course she did!
Armando and Joel both cheated -
very naughty boys -
so zero points each.
Three to Kumail, four to Amy
and five to Joanna Page.
Difficult task, wasn't it?
Difficult task. Yes, very difficult.
All you had to do
was ask one question. Yeah.
Because I had to answer every
question incorrectly.
If you'd asked me what WASN'T
under the cloche,
I would have told you there
was mustard and custard.
Done. It doesn't matter. Alex...
Oh, my God!
Alex, you must fuck yourself.
On that. On that.
Oh, my God!
Let's task again.
Like we did last summer,
but for now, we're back in the lab
and it's everyone's
favourite type of test -
multiple choice.
Alex. Hello there.
OK.
Oh, geez.
Right, failed at that one.
Two tasks. Pardon?
Oh, three tasks!
"If you opened this task first,
"you must pop the balloon,
then open another task."
Am I allowed to open this?
Because I...
You've got a choice of three
to open.
"If you opened this task first,
you must spin 360 degrees..."
"Ten times,
then open another task."
Well, I'm not going to do that.
"If you opened this task first,
you must completely cover..."
"..the balloon in tinfoil.
"Then open another task."
What are you thinking?
I'm not, really.
I think I've realised
that's not really my vibe.
Let's see them do some stuff, you.
OK.
Well, first, just like my third
favourite battery,
it's double A - Armando and Amy.
And just so you know,
my second favourite battery is a C
because they're manly
and my favourite
is a triple A because they're cute.
Here we go.
Yeah,
I'm going to do the balloon first.
"Complete all three tasks.
"Fastest wins, and you must...
"..you say."
"Your time starts now," mate.
"If you opened this task first,
"you must pop the balloon,
then open another task," mate.
"Pop the balloon
and then open another task..."
Task. Ta... Open another task!
I'm scared of popping balloons,
mate.
Oh, right. Wa-hey!
AMY SCREAMS
Mate!
Oh!
Mate.
"If you opened this task second,
"you must put the tinfoil
"and all the dice in the jar,
"seal the jar, then open
another task."
OK, mate.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've not quite got the inflection.
Not quite got the inflecTION.
OK.
Two tasks done. Done.
Two tasks done!
Ah, OK.
"If you opened this task third,
you must eat a yellow sweet,
"then you are finished," mate.
"A yellow sweet,
then you're finished."
Oh, you fucker, mate.
Is it one of these die?
It probably would be, wouldn't it?
Right, hang on, I'll do this
a bit more carefulLY!
That was aggressive.
Sorry about that, mate.
Does it look like a yellow dice?
Di-ICE.
Dice is nice.
AMY GASPS
Oh! Urgh!
OK. I have to eat the whole thing?
Swallow it, yeah? Yeah, don't choke.
OK, mate.
I'm just going to look for
a yellow sweet.
Mm-hm.
ARMANDO CLEARS THROAT
I've stopped the clock, mate.
Thanks, mate.
Where did you go? I can't remember,
but the good news is I found
a yellow sweet,
so I'll just eat that.
Where did you find it?
Wrapped around a banana.
I've stopped the clock. Thank you.
You really lost your mind,
didn't you?!
I thought...
Until you found the sweet, Amy,
I thought we'd finally broken you.
There was one "mate" that I said
not in my accent
and that's when I knew I was angry,
because I said, "Mate!"
What did Armando eat at the end?
It was a yellow sweet. I mean...
Well, you said it was
previously wrapped around a banana.
It was banana skin.
It was banana-flavoured yellow.
You'd scraped some banana skin off
and tried to pass it off as a sweet?
Wait, so that was not a sweet?
It looked like a sweet, didn't it?
Yeah.
It tasted like a sweet.
But what was it? It was a sweet.
It was banana skin.
Why did you not take a piece of
the actual banana? Yeah.
Why is it the skin?
Yeah.
Why is it the only non-edible part?
I'll tell you this -
you could make an argument that
I should disqualify him for that,
but I'm not going to because
the whole thing broke my heart.
Two more? Two more.
And now it's two stars from
the 2020 film Dolittle.
It is Joanna and Kumail,
who were both in Dolittle.
Aw! What?!
I'm going to just do this.
Fine. Yeah.
"Complete all three tasks.
Fastest wins, and you must..."
That comes very naturally to me.
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
"And you must...
..you say."
"Your time starts now."
"If you opened this task first,
"you must spin 360 degrees
ten times,
"then open another task."
"You must completely cover
the balloon in tinfoil,
"then open another task."
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
One, two, three, four.
Cool. One done.
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
Nine, ten. I'm impressed.
OK, I'm going to go for this one.
"If you opened this task second,
"you must spin 360 degrees 20 times,
"then open another task."
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
"If you opened this task second,
"you must put the tinfoil
and all the dice in the jar."
Oh, my God. I'm assuming it's...
Agh! Agh! Agh!
One, two, three, four, five.
Oh, and I've just found a sweet.
But it didn't say
to put the sweet in,
so I'm keeping that because
I probably need that for later on.
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.20.
Right.
"If you opened this task third,
"you must wrap the yellow sweet
in the tinfoil,
"then you are finished."
"You must eat a yellow sweet,
then you are finished."
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
Oh, that's not a yellow sweet,
is it? I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
It's a pink sweet, right? Right.
So I'm going to suck this one
because it might be a changing one.
Where is there a sweet?
There's a sweet somewhere,
but where?
Where is it?
JOANNA EXHALES
Even an idiot would have to agree
that's a yellow sweet.
I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
I've stopped the clock.
This is weird.
JOANNA EXHALES
Right.
I'm going to take this apart.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry, I'm quite astounded
by my own thinking.
I am absolutely and utterly chuffed.
I've stopped the clock.
Whew! Flipping heck.
I'm chuffed. I'm chuffed.
I'm chuffed.
I couldn't quite tell
what sort of mood Joanna was in
at the end of that.
No, mixed emotions. Yeah.
It was utter relief. Yeah.
I think I went in, like,
cameramen's pockets and stuff.
I was searching, like, everyone.
Kumail.Greg.
Were you asked to say your name
in the style of Roger Moore?
I can't help it,
I'm Kumail Nanjiani. Woo!
OK, time for the final ad break.
Today's episode will end
with somebody celebrating onstage
with a jammy kebab
and a prosthetic tongue.
Oh, I love jam!
He does. He loves jam.
See you in a bit.
Hello!
It's the final part of the show
and we need to finish
what we started in the lab.
Our guys had to complete three tasks
which they could tackle
in whichever order they liked.
One person left.
He's part man, he's part egg,
he's Joel Dom-elette.
"Complete all three tasks.
"Fastest wins, and you must..."
"..you say." You say.
"Your time starts now." Starts now.
"You must pop the balloon,
then open another task."
Another task.
"You must eat a red sweet
and then open another task."
Another task.
Red sweet?Mm-hm. Red sweet.
Is there a red sweet in here?
You're looking for a red sweet.
I'm looking for a red sweet.
Mm. Red sweet.
AUDIENCE GASP
You're thinking about eating
the wax?
I'm thinking about eating the wax.
The wax.
That's your red sweet, is it?
That nice?
Mm.OK, so we're saying
you've done two tasks. Yep.
Can't wait for that waxy poop.
"If you opened this task third,
"you must spin 360 degrees 30 times,
then you are finished."
Yes! I love this stuff. Here we go.
I've just seen the red sweet.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine...
..25, 26, 27, 28... Getting fast.
..29, 30.
I can't stop. I can't stop.
This is exhilarating!
You started so fast. I know.
Look, this episode,
I think we've learnt
that there's a lot of things
that I'm not good at,
and spinning, I'm good at that.
You were really good at it.
I mean, you were so good
you'd spun more than 30 times.
But did you have to say the last
two words for the whole thing?
He was meant to,
you're right, Kumail.
And after eating the wax seal,
he stopped saying
the end of the sentence again,
but I imagine Greg didn't mind
because he liked the spinning
so much.
I'll just check in. He just...
QUIETLY:Do you mind about him not
repeating the word?
I don't mind because he span
so many times.
I thought that was the case, yeah.
So it doesn't matter
if you do the task or not?
Not really. OK.
Here are the scores.
Joanna, you were actually
the slowest.
11 minutes 30,
so it's one point for you.
Armando next, nine minutes 12
including banana skin.
We'll allow it.
Amy gets three points -
six minutes, five seconds.
So it's between Kumail and Joel.
One of you took five minutes 40,
the other four minutes 57.
Joel, you get five points.
Oh! You got four minutes 57.
Kumail gets four points
in second place. Ah!
Well done, Joel Dommett.
It's an injustice. I'm so sorry.
Gosh. That does seem grossly unfair.
Please make your way to the stage
for the final task of the show!
Hello.
Well, then, my boy,
who will be reading out the task?
I'm your baby boy. Amy Gledhill.
Thank you, baby boy.
"Be the first to communicate
the item to your team.
"You must not make any noise,
you must use your pencil and ball,
"and you must stare
at both throughout.
"You must stay on your spots
at all times.
"Best team of communicators
after five rounds wins."
Fantastic.OK.
Is this a task
where we have to follow the rules?
I'm going to come over and show
Amy and Joanna the first item.
This is the first one. Ready?
It's like charades. It is charades.
So remember, no noise,
you must use your items
and stare at them.
Ready? Ready.
WHISTLE BLOWS
Dog. Bowling.
Dog's right! Done.Oh.
Right. It's a quick one
and they're 1-0 up.
Yeah. Good.
OK. Ready?
Don't look. All right.
Mm. Different reactions.
Round two. 1-0 to the team of two.
Remember, shout it out.
Canoe. Boat. Rowing. Oar.
A gondola.
Gondola. Gondola.
Canoe. Canoe. Ship.
Ship. Yacht. Battleship. Venice.
Venice. Pirate ship. Sea. River.
Sailing.
A stream. A river. Stare at your
items, please. The sea. The ocean.
Stare at your items.Ocean.
Stare at your items. Sea. Ocean.
Ocean.
Ocean! It is the ocean!
But we said ocean, too!
She said it first!
She did say ocean first.
The gallery are actually
checking it...
Yeah. ..cos here, we're all
about the rules.
We have analysed the footage
and the fastest team was...
..Joanna and Armando.
Oh!Oh! Ooh.
So please switch round again.
You're 2-0 up.
One more will get you the win,
but how big will the win be? Oh.
Hello again. Hello.
I'm bad at this. No, you won't be.
You're in movies!
You can do this!
Yes, you're Kumail Nanjiani.
Ready? Go.
Toothbrush.
Please stay on your spot, Kumail.
The rules!
Corn. Corn. Sweetcorn.
Corn on the cob.
Nice and silent.
Straw. Straw.Fork.
Stare at your items.
Fork. Knife. Spoon.
Fork. Knife. Spoon. Straw. Suck.
Keep your eye on the ball.
Stare at your items, please. Eating.
Peas.
Food. Food. Food.
Spaghetti.
Yes! It is spaghetti!
AMY SQUEALS
Incredible.
Amazing. Just about.
OK, switch around.
It's 2-1, they're back in it.
Switch around again. Oh.
Right.We're back in it. OK.
Hello, Armando. Hi, Alex.
Don't give anything away
when you see it.
Is that all right?
Thank you.
OK.
Please look at your items. Cool.
Greg Davies.Yes, it is Greg Davies!
Yes!
It's 2-2. Ooh.
Well done! That was amazing!
Right. Wow.
Right. Oh, wow.Remarkable.
Back in the game.
OK, well, this is the final one.
OK.
We can do this. Come on, buddy.
We can do it. We can do this.
You guys are so great.
OK.
Whoever gets this wins the task.
JOANNA AND JOEL GROWL
Javelin.
Brushing your teeth. Dragon.
Dragon. Monster. Uh...
Uh... Do...
Art.
What is that?
Can you do something else?
Look at your items.
Look at your items.Eating.
Wax. Seal.
A bat. A bat.
A vampire. Yes, it is vampire!
It's vampire!
Yeah!
OK, we'll add those
to the final scores.
Come down and join me!
Woohoo!
Well...
Five points to the team of three,
and then how many
for the team of two?
Well, they did OK - three points?
Three points?
OK, so three for the team of two,
five for the team of three.
How has that affected
the final scores?
Well, Armando,
you won't believe it,
is in last place with ten points.
Mm.
The other two boys are at the top.
Kumail's got 18 points,
but the winner of this episode,
the first time he's won a show,
is Joel Dommett. No way!
Joel Dommett wins!
Please go and have your celebrations
with the best combination!
Subtitles by Red Bee Media